importctl: new page (#16261)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/importctl.md

# importctl

> Download, Import, or Export disk images.

> > For More Information: <https://man7.org/linux/man-pages/man1/importctl.1.html>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> More Information: <https://manned.org/importctl>.
```
Prefer manned

> - [d]ownload image in tarball format from a url via pull:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Download image in tarball format from a url via pull:
```
What is the mnemonic supposed to refer to?

> `sudo importctl pull-tar {URL} {path/to/directory}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`sudo importctl pull-tar {{URL}} {{path/to/directory}}`
```
This is not how you do placeholders

> - [p]ull or download from a remote source that is either raw or qcow2 file, and stores it as a raw file:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Pull or download from a remote source that is either raw or qcow2 file, and stores it as a raw file:
```

> `sudo importctl pull-raw {{https:\\url\to\source.ext}} {{name}} --class={{[machine|portable|sysext|confext]}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`sudo importctl pull-raw {{https:\\url\to\source.ext}} {{name}} --class={{machine|portable|sysext|confext}}`
```
This is not correct. Read our documentation for what an option placeholder is
https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr/blob/main/CLIENT-SPECIFICATION.md#page-structure

> - [i]mport a raw disk image into the image directory that is possibly compressed with xz, gzip, or bzip2:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Import a raw disk image into the image directory that is possibly compressed with xz, gzip, or bzip2:
```
